---
title: Hyperspace Desktop 1.1.0-beta1 and other goodies!
author: Nodar Sotkilava
date: 2019-12-03
---

Hello everyone, we hope you all had a happy Thanksgiving! I know some people did up until Sunday when everyone was trying to return home from the long weekend and the traffic was crazy.

We just wanted to bring everyone up to speed as to what happened since our last press release and what we are planning on doing going further.

## Hyperspace Desktop 1.1.0-beta1

Before we all went on break, we successfully released the 1.1.0-beta1 for our 1.1.0 feature release, which has new features and some QOL updates. We are especially happy to bring this to you since our new Hyperspace Desktop team member was hard at work to get this out to all of you.

- We added support for uploading audio and we implemented a new custom audio player along with that. We all look forward to hearing some of your terrible TikToks. And Eugen, we would love more covers from you.
- We finally got the Activity page fleshed out that we teased before. You can finally see what's going on downtown in your instance at a glance.

These are the few of my favorite things but you can read the entirety of [release notes here](../../../releases/desktop-beta.html).

At the same time, We are starting the work on 1.1.0-beta2 which should bring you better direct messaging, and support for bookmarks. Keep an eye out for it sometime before Christmas!

## Let's get Swifty (Not yet)

We have been in the pre-planning phase for our Hyperspace SwiftUI version and we decided to officially start development in late January. We want to focus right on getting beta2 out and getting more team members recruited as we are 3 (err, sorry, 4) college students! We are looking to expand our Desktop and SwiftUI team. We hope to get 2 team members on board before the end of the year. As always, if our community has any PRs or contributions we are more than happy to take a look at them.

## Thanksgiving shenanigans

### Nodar (@Nomad1556)
Over the break, the team took a well earned break from development; I know I did. I tried to get familiar with C++ and C# using Microsoft Visual Studio and let me tell you that's one beefy boy. I don't wanna get political but what the frick is C++ ? I haven't touched C# yet but I hear it's like Java but Microsoft. I also finally upgraded my desktop GPU from RX 570 to RX 5700. That one extra zero makes a world of difference! 

### Marquis (@alicerunsonfedora)
While relaxing a bit after our v1.1 Beta 1 release, I managed to publish another project release and played a bit more with Swift and the Swift Package Manager. It's cool seeing it work so nicely in Xcode 11, but it definitely is irritating when trying to write a GitHub workflow for it. Ah, well...

### Audrey (@uchibrah)

I went into the city and hung out with some cousins, but nothing too exciting.